hey guys my name is Solomon bring
another video for destiny this is a
little glimmer farming that I found it's
a really easy 25,000 per trip you can
pull about especially with wax idols it
really simple all you have to do is
start to see to the war mine already
that this is 13 and only that you
normally do any other one it learns to
switch to level monster cats to level 30
or higher even though I'm running loose
on a low level I'm just showing you guys
second went to it fast keep doing it
over and over don't need that much more
maddening a little bit I just want to do
a really quick and then we'll have any
troubles or dilemma is it better than
one with multiple people especially if
you're higher than level 30 like level
32 and if it's so much simpler in
yourself being rendered with your most
overpowered weapon you get run to it now
all you got to do is keep doing this
over and over and over you see the match
in the background soon as you kill all
the monsters down here kill the flashing
iron you can do from behind me jump off
so you get this simply never officers
good Guardian down waiting to be revised
and you'll spawn right back at the
beginnings and you just continue to do
this loop over over and over just start
right here so you H out you see them all
spawned right here in front of you it
again denied them everything kill them
see all the squall knock them out really
quickly knock out tonight or you can
just let it kill you either or you
either jump up or just let them kill you
but better to kill them all as fast as
possible to get your glimmer as fast as
possible I just see you see me having
run through that you've got like what 20
seconds flat and then I have printed
some rocket launchers jump ball if I
jump up and grab this one hit them and
not the ball
now all you got to do is rinse and
repeat its really simple self
explanatory let's keep killing kill
yourself that don't kill the night all
in the bag that's currently on the
bridge and you'll be good to go and you
can see I get a certain amount of code
every single time black wax idols will
be beautiful first thing like this just
run out shoot one time kill him rinse
and repeat see if they're all coming
shoot it kill them all and it's quick as
possible you get all your glimmer easy
as that now if you guys like this video
like comment subscribe share to be
buddies out there this is phone guys as
always have a nice day
Oh